categories: updates
Date: August 27, 2007

# August 27, 2007

We survived the summer Ohio heat and rain, and boy are we glad to be home.  The
trip was everything we had hoped it would be and then some.

We can not give enough praise to the Cincinnati Hospital staff.  From the
doctors to the administrative staff everyone was wonderful.  They made us feel
as if we were there only patient for the day.  It was a breath of fresh air.  It
was not always easy to hear what they had to say, but somehow we were able to
walk away with a since of hope for Tanner and our family.

One of the hardest days was the day we learned that Tanner does not have the
nonsense mutation from of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.  In laymen's terms he is
missing the gene that produces the protein that restores the muscle breakdown,
and therefore does not fall into the 15% of boys that they are hopeful in
finding a cure for within the next year.  On the up side of this the genes he is
missing is gene 49 and 50.  Of all the boys with the missing genes these two are
the most common and therefore more research is taking place to help find a cure.

We learned a lot this past week about his heart as well as his liver.  Both his
heart and liver are normal and strong for a boy with Duchenne.  If he did not
have the Duchenne disorder we would be looking deeper into these issues.  Tanner
had more test this week, than his sister will have in this coming school year,
and he handled it with amazing strength.  We are so proud of him.

One of the things to come out of all the test was he was confirmed to have
Failure to Thrive, due to the low growth hormone.  The plan now is to working
with the nutrition staff as well as Dr. Brenda Wong, the lead doctor and sees if
we can get his weight up.  We will then re-evaluate him in six months at which
time the plan is to begin growth hormones and steroids together.  If it wasn't
for the Failure to Thrive, they would have began him on steroids this visit, as
he is much weaker that we thought him to be.  However due to the side effects we
all in agreement to wait six months, although Tony and I would agree to wait
longer if the doctors felt that was best.

Pria has become very aware of Tanner's illness and what the future may hold for
him and our family.  She is also expressing concerns about her own medical
condition.  She opened up to my sister on this trip and expressed her concerns
regarding her own health issues as well as Tanners.  As she put it to my sister,
"I worry about my mom when she cries."  This was very difficult to here, as she
should not have to ender so much; she is just a little girl.  I have made her a
promise to not talk so much about all of this in front of her.  Please remember
her in your prayers.

We are still processing the vast information that was giving to us in such a
short amount of time.  I am sure we will have more questions as we get more test
result back and all the final reports are present to us with in the next two
weeks.  For now we are looking to the future and working on planning the next
trip for February 2008, as well as making planning on how to better our San
Diego MD clinic, all the mean time dealing with the hear and now.
