categories: updates
Date: August 9, 2007

# August 9, 2007   

Pria had her surgery today.  She is recovering well and her voice is sounding
pretty good.  The tumors were smaller this time; however she has developed some
scar tissue.  The doctor referred to the scar tissue as webbing of her larynx.
We are going to see if we can go 9 weeks between surgeries this time.  Our hope
is that on the next surgery, which will take place in mid October, Dr. Pranski
will be able to use the laser again as the "webbing" will not come back.

After surgery today she was able to see her friend Bryan for a few minutes.
This really lifted her sprit, and we hope his as well.  This was sadly cute to
see two great friends from kindergarten embrace in a heart warming hug as they
both under go treatment at Children's Hospital.  These kids are at there lowest
points in the lives, yet are compelled to help one another.  It was beautiful.

I have to share a sweet story...The night before surgery Pria asked me if as
many people prayed for her as they do for Tanner.  I responded with, absolutely,
and it was confirmed.  When we got home we received two phone calls.  The first
one was from a woman at our church who was calling because she has been praying
for Pria and wanted to get an update on how she was doing to pass on the Caring
Corner Ministry, which is our churches pray chain.  The other call can from a
dear family friend who was woke up in the middle of the night and began praying
for Pria.  Both people did not know Pria was undergoing surgery today.  So yes,
Pria people do pray for you just as much as they pray for Tanner.

We had our "Lemon-aid for Tanner on August 4th.  It was awesome.  We had so many
come out and support us in so many ways.  We had three different news channels
come out to help share our story with San Diego.  Tanner loves seeing himself on
TV.  We raised enough money to pay for his AFO, which we will finally pick up
this week.  In addition we were able to take care of paying of two of the many
bills we have with Children's Hospital as well pay for some additional PT and OT
we have Tanner in and set some aside in an account for his next trip to
Cincinnati.

We have so many wonderful stories from that day, but one stands out...  At one
of the stands there was a park bench that an elderly couple sat and visiting
with the girls hosting the lemon-aid stand, (Pria's classmates Tess and Jordyn
and there moms).  When they were about to call it a day the couple asked them to
count the money.  They did, and the couple matched the funds raised.  We
received a note from them along with the check they gave to Conner's Cause for
Children on Tanner's behalf.  The note told us they saw Tanner on the evening
news and wanted to help and be apart of the day.  The drove up from Coronado and
also shared how they had always wanted to have a lemon-aid stand as kids.  It
was very touching to read, and know they care.  We appreciated the notes we
received from so many just as much as we appreciated the contributions. We also
received noted from several young girls who hosted a lemon-aid stand, and gave
Tanner well wishes.  Thanks you to so many for all the love and support.
