categories: updates
Date: June 20, 2007

# June 20th  

Pria had her surgery on Tuesday, June 19th.  The tumors were much larger than we
thought they would be.  We are very grateful she had her surgery when she did as
her air way was very small.  Because of this we are not going to be going as
long between surgeries this time.  Her next surgery has already been scheduled
for August 9th.  The good news is the doctor did get a new laser to use for her
surgeries.  The hope is the tumors will grow slower as they can get more of the
tumors removed with out the fear of scar tissue building up.

Tanner was fitted for Ankle Foot Orthosis, also known as AFO's, last week and we
will be picking them up in July.  It is our hope that he will only need to sleep
in them at this time; however we want what is best for him and if he has to wear
them during the day we will.

We got our tickets to Ohio and are looking forward to a more hopeful medical
experience.  Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC), is the only
neuromuscular center in the US that brings together all necessary specialists in
one location and provides coordinated care.  They believe in working together
with a comprehensive care center to improve the care, outcome and quality of
life for children under there care.  We share their conviction.  Tanner's first
appointment is on Tuesday, August 21 and continues for three days.

We are also looking to rent a home in the Cardiff area.  We are currently in an
apartment, but it would be a blessing to have a home were the kids could play
outside.  Tony dreams of being able to go outside and play ball with his son.
We know we only have a short window for this so we have decided to look at
moving.  We need to find a single level home for Tanner, as we are long term
renters and stairs are hard on him.  Cardiff is home for us and so if we have to
remain in an apartment we will; however if anyone knows of a reasonably priced
home for rent in Cardiff, please let us know.  Thanks!


Finally, thank you to everyone who has support us and helped with such generous
donations to us and Conner's Cause on behalf of Tanner and Pria.  This up
coming trip would not be happening with out all the support.  We are truly
blessed by the Lord bring so many wonderful people into our life.  Lord bless
you all.

Tanner is doing well.  His first doctor appointment in Cincinnati has been
scheduled for the first part of April.  We continue to struggle with getting
him to eat well.  I guess that will be a constant up hill battle.  The talk
with our doctors at the last appointments is to get him started on growth
hormones as well as steroids this year.  Please pray the Lord give us direction
on this.

Pria's next surgery will be in 8 weeks.  This will be right before her seventh
birthday, which she has request to be a "Children's Hospital Toy Drive Party".
As her mom and dad, that made us very proud.

We had a bummer of an experience this month as well.  We were involved in a car
accident, 100% the fault of the other party.  We are all OK, just the typical
body aches, however our car was in pretty bad shape.  It is not drivable and so
we have to deal with all the headaches of getting our lives back to, "Rico
normal".  Pria lost her tooth in the accident, we thing she may have swallowed
it. She has the cutes toothless smile now.

Two weeks after Pria's surgery on January 8th her voice began to go.  After
being through this 11 times you begin to know the sign as to how the growths are
progressing or not.  We knew this was not good. It was confirmed when her doctor
got her in with a one day notice.  The tumors were larger and the scar tissue
was back.  The webbing has been worst, however we were really praying for it not
to return.  She will be returning for surgery in March.  To bad you can't get
flier miles for surgery, she would be racking up the miles.

I am working really hard to keep our spirits up.  Looking back at all our
blessing really helps.
