categories: updates
Date: February 28, 2008
flags: draft

# February 2008

God bless you all.  Hugs and love ~ The Rico's

Next month we head back to Ohio for Tanner's care.  Please keep us in prayer for
good travels as well as good appointment.  I will keep you all updated as we
learn more.

Pria turned seven this month and had a great little party at the park.  We were
so proud of her.  In steed of gifts for herself she asked for gifts for
Children's Hospital.  She was apart of there Radio-A-Thon at the beginning of
the month, and thought it would be cool to help in her own way.  We couldn't
have been prouder.

As you all know from our last up date we also lost our car in the accident.
Well, we are blessed with another answered pray.  We were given a 2002 Ford
Explorer.  Thank you Jesus!  We had no idea how we were going to take care of
the car situation.  Cool think is the Lord knew.

Wow, we had a miracle of a month.  Pria has been healed.  We went in for surgery
this month and the doctor was shocked to see there was no evidence of any
growths.  The only way to explain this is our Good Lord has healed her.  I know
she has been lifted up in prayer and I thank all of you for this, because He has
answered and healed Pria.  The doctor has asked us to come in for check ups in 3
months, which we will do.  No worry here.

We continue to give thanks to our Lord for allowing us the be the parents to
these two miracles.

Pria's scoop that was done in June showed the tumors were back.  July was
surgery number 13.  The growth was very large; however it was not on her larynx.
That is good news as it will slow down the scaring.  She will also be in a study
that will allow the doctor to us the laser on her in the future.  Good news
again.  The bummer news is she will be back for surgery number 14 in September.

We are having a wonderful summer and hope you all are as well.  We have had our
ups and downs, but more ups than downs and that is always good.

On day two Tanner had echocardiogram and ekg test. Right after we were able to
talk to the doctor about the results. His EKG was abnormal but was not a
surprise as all MD boys have the same abnormal results. The electrical activity
of his heart is irregular and I am not sure if it is too fast or slow. Bottom
line his heart is health for a boy with DMD.

We recently returned from our third trip to Cincinnati and as expected the trip
was very informational as well as emotional at times.  We had three days of
doctor appointments and testing.  On day one we saw Dr. Wong and she brought up
the "S" word. . . . steroids.  As much as we thought we were ready for this we
thought wrong.  It's tuff to hear the doctors tell you about what lies ahead for
Tanner's life.  With out steroids we are told he may be wheel-chair bound as
early as six years old.  With them we are long at 12 years.  Easy answer huh,
well not really.  Down side to the steroids as most people know is the tempers
and swelling, but it also causes the bones to be brittle, and Tanner already has
a very low bone density.  About a month before this trip Tanner took a fall at
the play ground and hurt his back.  We shared this fall with Dr. Wong and she
informed us that if that same fall happened while on steroids he could have
broken his back.
