Date: April 1, 2009
categories: updates

# December 2008 - April 2009

I have been a bit behind in getting our website updated.  Life has been crazy as
always at the Rico home.

December seem to fly by one night while we were all asleep.  Seems like we woke
up on morning and we were into the New Year.  January Tanner had to have some
major dental work done and Pria had her 17th surgery.  Both did great.

Tanner stated his steroids in January as well and praises the Lord he has not
experienced any side effects.  He has not encountered any of the puffiness that
normally goes along with being on steroids.  That truly is an answer to many
many prayers.  I know it seems shallow, but the way we see it is he has so many
other issues to deal with and has already experienced kids making fun of him
that he did not need to be dealing with that side effects too.  We thank Jesus
everyday for this.

We have also started the process of finding out if indeed he has Russell Silver
Syndrome.  We hope to have the answer on this before we go back to see Dr. Wong
in July.  We have already met with the genetic doctor and we are waiting for the
paper work on the blood test.  Both Tony and I have to have the same blood draw
done and tested with Tanners.  I really do not quite understand why, however
will do whatever is needed to help my little ones.

Tanner's great news is he is starting school as soon as school resumes after
Easter break.  He is sooooo happy.  So happy in fact, that he has decided to
potty train.  Mom and Dad are even happier.  We are hopeful that we have bought
our last package of diapers.

Pria is going wonderful!  She is scheduled for her next surgery in April and the
good news is her voice is just beginning to show signs of the growths returning.
She said to me the other day that people are just now asking her to repeat
herself and telling her they can't hear her.

Pria is also doing great in school as well as her gymnastics.  She is such a
compassionate girl and we are so bless that the Lord chose us to be her parents.

Well that is the latest in a nutshell.  We hope we will see you all at our
upcoming fundraisers on April 21 at Today's Pizza in Encinitas or at our big
event on May 2 at Pat D'Arrigo ARTS Center.

