categories: updates
Date: April 10, 2010

# April 10, 2010

It has been quite a while since my last update so I will try and make this one
quick...

Pria under went her 20th surgery in February and it was not very good.  She had
very little airway as her growths had grown so large it was blocking the
majority of her airway.  If we would have waited much longer we may have ended
up in the emergency room.  Over this last week Pria has expressed her concern
that she can feel the growths again and it is becoming harder to hear her.  So I
imagine we will be back in surgery with in the next few weeks.  Pria continues
to amaze us with her strength, courage and her faith in the Lord.

Tanner has finally stated to grow.  Since October he has grown almost 2 1/2 inches
and has finally hit the 40 pound mark.  It is about time all the growth hormones
and steroids have taken effect.  Pria has even learned how to give him his
nightly injection and he no longer minds it as long as it is daddy or sissy
giving it to him and not me.  He will be starting kindergarten in the fall and
is so ready.  Our biggest concern is all the "experts" have all made the same
remarks to Tony and I, that his walking is becoming more labor some.

Both the kids are participating in the Miracle League, Tanner as a player and
Pria is a buddy to a sweet 9 year old girl.  I tell you if you have never been
to one of these games it is so worth it.  It can turn any bad day into a very
special day.  To see these kids get out there and play ball with all the
challenges they face is quit heart warming and inspirational.

Please keep us in your prayer as we prepare for Tanners next upcoming trip and
our big fundraiser on April 24th.  Blessing Everyone - Rico's
