Title: January 1st, 2011
categories: updates
Date: January 1, 2011

# January 1st, 2011

Happy New 2011!

Hard to believe it but Pria has had 10 more surgeries since my last update in
April 2010. Her summer was spent having surgery every two weeks while having
injections of Cidofovir into the effected area. The hope is that it will slow
down the growths and put her into remission. The doctor tells us she has a 40%
change of this. We will take it! Since September she has been undergoing surgery
every 4 weeks. His included a Thanksgiving surgery as well as a Christmas
surgery, so we feel blessed that we are now getting to go 6 weeks
between. Through this all Pria still keeps her chin up and her faith strong. She
is an inspiration to both Tony and I.

Pria has become an advocate for though going through there own challenges in
life. At the end of her third grade year she was recognized for this by
receiving the California Distinguished Student Award for Courage. She accepted
this honor with such humility and grace. We couldn't have been more proud of
her. This year she has taken on a project to collect tabs and pennies for the
Ronald McDonald House. With the encouragement of her teacher she has reach out
and got her whole school involved.

Pria has also continued with her gymnastics and made the YMCA team. She has had
her first taste of competition and loves it. We always knew she was
competitive. She made is all the way through sectionals and missed making it to
state be less than a point. Not bad for her first year at competing.

Tanner is officially a big kid, as he has started kindergarten and has lost his
first tooth, which he was very excited about. Tanner loves learning and is
keeping Tony and I on our toes with all his 5 year old wisdom. Did you all know
that, "girls are cute and teenagers are hot", however I am not hot, because I am
a mom? Also did you know that a teenager is classified as anyone his sister's
age and on her gymnastic team?

Tanner continued his third season of Miracle League baseball for the Tampa Bay
Rays. This year Tony Gwynn Jr. came out and pitcher for the players. He and his
family along with other players form the Padres came out and really blessed
these kids. To bad Tanner has no idea how he was. We parents were all pretty
impressed even if the kids weren't.

Tanner's year may seems to have been less eventful than his sisters, however it
has not been any less stressful. His last appointment in Cincinnati revealed a
compressed fractured vertebra. His doctor requested we return in November,
however due to finances we were not able too. We are now scheduled to return in
just a few weeks. The time could not be any better as we just experienced the
scare of his elevated eye pressure as well as a battle with pneumonia
accompanied with an ear infection.

We have been so happy to see the Cure Duchenne commercials during the foot ball
games this season. We hope you have all seen them too and will say a special
pray for Tanner every time you see them.
