categories: updates
Date: December 1, 2011

# December 2011

Dear Family and Friends,

It is hard to believe the year end is already here. It seems like we just put
all of 2010 Christmas decorations away and now we are back at it putting the
tree and all the trimmings back up. Isn't this a sign of getting older?

This year has been quite a year and I have to admit that even with all the
amazing blessings I am happy to say good bye to 2011 and welcome the New Year.

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

The year started off with Tanner in the emergency room and a bout with pneumonia
for the second time in four months. A bit scary for us but more of a bother for
him as it cut into his school time and his social life. Tanner loves school and
learning. He is now in the first grade and loves it. He is also a Cub Scout and
couldn't be happier. He is looking forward to the up coming Encinitas Christmas
Parade where he will finally get to be a part of it with his pack. He has
express to us that he wants to grow up and be a "ladies man"; which he explained
is a man that treats ladies with respect and love. He proved this to us this
summer by "marring" the little girl down the hall. He is so smitten by her.

Pria is now in the 5th grade and continues to make us so proud. She is one very
compassionate young lady; always looking out for her brother and others. She
continued with Girl Scouts, (she has a great leader) and gymnastics. She had her
first out of state meet in AZ last January and did great. She continues to grow
in the sport. Her favorite events are floor and beam. Boy, does she make her mom
nervous, but very proud. She continues to fight the RRP and will be having her
37th surgery two days after Christmas. She is one courageous young lady and we
are so blessed that God chose us to be her parents.

2011 started off really tough for my employer, Md7, and in April I was given my
pink slip along with about half of my co-workers. The company went from over 125
employed to less then 40 due to economic hard times. As difficult as this was
and continues to be for us both emotionally and financially it was a blessing in
disguise. A month or so after I was laid off Tony ended up in the hospital with
diverticulitis and a whole in his bladder. Eight days later he was sent home
with a pick line and tubes coming out of him, that doctors said I would need to
care for. This is just not normal or right. I am not a nurse and tubes are not
supposed to come out of people. Six weeks later he was back in the hospital for
what was to be a routine surgery and a 3 to 5 day recovery. Eight days later he
came home with a big opening in is tummy along with a daily visit from a
nurse. Again not normal! This lasted two weeks. So can you see my blessing yet?
I was so glad that I was able to be there for Tony and the kids. I can not
imaging juggling all this and a job.

Both Tony and I continue to look for work. I am hopeful that something will come
my way soon. I send out an average of ten resumes a week. Any of you want one? I
have a lot.  God has continues to see us through each day and we know we could
not do this with out Him. We can already see Him at work on our family's behalf
for the New Year. Tanner is in the process of starting a Clinical Trail that
could be life changing for him and many other young men affected by Duchenne
Muscular Dystrophy. We are also going to be part of an annual
[charity 5K Run/Walk on January 21, 2012](http://mitchellthorp.dojiggy.com/TRICCO)
with the Mitchell Thorp Foundation. This will help us get Tanner to his next
doctor appointments in Ohio. We'd love it if you'd consider joining our team.

I know we are not alone with all the tough times 2011 has brought with it so we
thought it might be fun to give you all the gift of laughter. The ability to
laugh at life and ourselves has been therapeutic for us and we hope you too will
find some joy at laughing with us at this year's family Christmas photo. God
bless you and we hope we get a chance to see you all in the New Year if not
sooner.

Merry Christmas and Happy New Year,<br>
Tony, Traci, Pria and Tanner (The Rico Family)

