categories: updates
Date: June 13th, 2012

# June 2012

Well since it has been a while since our last update; let me see if I
can get you caught up on our crazy but full life….

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

In March we took our annual trip to Cincinnati. It was bitter sweet
as always.  Tanner, being on steroids, has succumbed to a few of the
side effects from the drug, which we knew but it’s always hard to hear
confirmation coming from his doctors on this topic.  However on a
bright side he continues in the Clinical Trail that is showing much
hope in the European countries.  This drug could be life changing for
Tanner as well as many other young men dealing with DMD.  He is such
an amazingly brave young man, with his weekly dosages and periodic
blood draws and other random testing; he really is an amazing boy.  We
gave him the choice to be a part of this trail and he chose to
participate.  Not sure I would have done the same seeing all that he
has gone through.

Pria has undergone many surgeries since the last update as well.  In
fact she will be having her 44th surgery tomorrow, June 14th.  This
girl has seen more operating rooms than most people see in a life time
and yet she still continues to keep a smile on her face and comfort
others.  She is such a blessing to Tony and me.  She also continues
with her gymnastics and this season she has really begun to excel in
her sport.  It has definitely been the place of normalcy in her life.
Which I believe along with her faith in the Lord is what keeps her so
strong.

Since Tony was feeling left out of the loop he decided he wanted in on
all this medical stuff as well.  So in May he called me while I was
out and about and asked me to come home and take him to the emergency
room or get him into the doctor right away.  I knew that was not going
to be a good afternoon.  I was right!  We soon learned that he had a
flair up of acute pancreatitis, which put him in the hospital for a
week. Then he had a double hernia, which was fixed last week, and oh
yes we also learned he has type 2 diabetes.  And because of all this
he gets a break from the daily routine so his doctor says.

I am currently recovering from a concoction from beating my head
against the wall.  All jokes aside I am doing well with my occasional
glass of wine in hand.  I continue to look for work and am thankful
for all the job leads.  I know God has the perfect job waiting for me,
I do pray he reveals it to me very soon.
