categories: updates
Date: February 28, 2012

# February 2012

2012 we started us off running and it does not seem that we will be slowing down
any time soon.

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

Thank you so much to everyone who came out and joined us at the MTF 5K Walk/Run.
It was a lot of fun even in the rain.  We hope to continue to be a part of this
event in the years to come.

We are very excited to share that Tanner has been accepted to be a part of the
clinical trial at UC Davis.  This is so exciting!  It is a double blind study
which means he could be a placebo.  With that being said we are asking for
prayers that he would receive the high dosage of the medication and not be one
out of every three to be a placebo.  Tanner and I will be traveling also over
the next year so I am sure we will have a lot more to share in the days and
months to come.  Until then we ask for traveling mercies.

Pria had her 38th surgery this past week.  He voice has not come back real
strong and that is very frustrating for her.  We ask that you would continue to
keep her in pray for healing.  She is such an amazing young lady and it breaks
my heart to see her struggle with her voice.  On the up side she is our rock
star in the gym.  She had two gymnastic meets in January. Her first meet in AZ
she received two scores of 9.0 and higher and then at her second meet in San
Mateo she made gold twice and silver on the all around. Last season she only
received scores in the 9's once.  So you can only imagine the excitement and joy
when in two meets she has received scores of 9.0 and above already 5 times.  We
are so proud of her.

Tony and I both continue to look for work.  One thing this past year has done is
bring us both closer to one another and even more important to the Lord.  He has
been our constant provider, strengthening our faith in Him.
