Title: Tanner
categories: rico-family

# Tanner

Tanner is much like your typical six year boy.  He loves hanging out with his
friend, playing super heroes and of course teasing his big sister, [Pria].  The
thing that is different about Tanner is that he has trouble running, jumping,
and can not kick a ball, and he often falls for what seems to be for no reason
at all.  Tanner was born four weeks early in the early part of 2005.  He was
welcomed in to the world by his dad Tony, mom Traci and his very excited big
sister [Pria].  Our family was so blessed and seems to be complete.  The doctors
called him a miracle just moments after he was born.  You see I, his mom, only
felt Tanner kick maybe a handful of times during my pregnancy and Tony only felt
him once just a week before he made his big debuted.  Tanner had a knot in his
umbilical cord the size of a softball, and if he had gone full term the doctor
said we most likely would have lost him.  This is just the beginning of Tanner's
miracle life.

When Tanner turned one his doctor was concerned something was not right.  So she
ran a handful of test on him and to our surprise she was right.  Our happy
perfect little boy was not so perfect on the inside according to the doctors.
After an eight day hospital say, a tissue biopsy, a blood transfusion and months
of worry we were given the news that Tanner was born with Duchenne Muscular
Dystrophies also referred to as DMD.  To add to the worries of our family two
weeks later Tanner's sister, [Pria] was diagnosed with a very rare condition
called Recurrent Respiratory Papillomatosis, or RRP.

After coming to terms with what seemed to be the worst news our family could
have been given about both our children we refocused and realized our purpose is
to give the children the best possible life we could.  We researched and found
the best care for [Pria] was right here in our home town of San Diego.
Unfortunately, that is not the case for Tanner.  We learned that one of the best
DMD clinics is in Cincinnati, Ohio.  So we now travel twice a year to Ohio to
give him the best, just as we have for his sister.

Tanner's life has been a miracle form the very beginning and everyday we see how
the Lord has blessed our family with this miracle child.  It is our hope and
prayer that some day Tanner will run, jump and kick that ball.  But until that
day comes we are committed to giving him and his sister the best we can and pray
like crazy for a might miracle of healing.

[Pria]: /pria
